- [Instructor] Of all the projects in Spring,
outside of the core framework itself, Spring Security,
in my opinion, is the hardest to learn,
yet it's one of the most common that you will encounter
in your day-to-day activities.
So what is Spring Security
other than a simple security framework, you may ask?
It is specifically a filter-based authentication
and authorization framework.
This can be things like Basic Auth, OAuth, SAML,
or other authentication and authorization frameworks.
Spring Security also is a web-based exploit prevention
and it's preventing things like CSRF,
or Cross-Site Request Forgery, that is built
into the Spring Security package.
Part of this exploit prevention includes things
like encrypted secure headers and TLS support.
Spring Security also has a robust library
of quote unquote "plugins"
for utilizing various technologies like LDAP
and other mechanisms.
Now, I have an entire course dedicated
to Spring Security called Spring, Spring Security,
and it would be a great starting point
if you want to dig into Spring Security
before you see it in the wild, assuming you haven't already.
It will get into much deeper knowledge
of how to configure and run an application using Security,
both the authentication aspects
as well as the authorization to individual methods
within your application.